Welcome, in this video, we're going to access our gist as a Git repository.
Starting off, I'm going to return back to GitHub; if you click on the octocat icon,
you'll end up on your newsfeed page, then we can click on "Gist".
This will list all of the gists that you have associated with your account.
I have one that is named ".bash_profile".
If I click on it, it will take me to that particular gist.
Just like the other Git repositories that we have, we have the option
of cloning this as a Git repository. I'm going to go down to my clone options,
and currently it's set to SSH, but HTTPS would work as well;
then, click on "Copy to clipboard" button. Once it's copied,
let's return to our terminal. Let's make sure that we're in the projects folder,
so if you need to back up a directory do so.
From our projects directory within our user's home directory,
I'm going to use the "git clone" command: "git clone", then paste in the URL we just copied.
Normally I would let Git use the default directory name,
but in this case I want to use something more specific.
So type the folder name you wish to use for this particular clone, press enter.
If we do an "ls", you'll see the "my-gist" folder; let's go into that folder.
If we do an "ls -al", you'll see that we have both the ".bash_profile" and ".bashrc" files.
Let's make a quick edit; I'm going to add some comments to this file.
And, with bash files, comments are lines that begin with a hash.
Once you're done making your changes, save and close,
and let's go ahead and add similar comments to the ".bashrc" file.
Then save, then close; do a "git status". I see that we have two modified files;
so, although these files are associated with a gist,
this all operates like a traditional Git repository.
I'm going to add those files; both files show as modified.
I'm going to commit what's in stage, with the commit message "Adding comments to files".
Now, it's time to push: "git push origin master". If everything worked successfully,
we should have our changes back on our gist on GitHub.
Let's head over to our browser and refresh our page;
great, now we see the comments that are associated with this gist.
We also see the revisions went up to 3.
If we click on the revision, we have a comparison versus the last commit.